added bulk request documentation and template (#5983)
monarch-initiative/mondo: docs/editors-guide/bulk-request.md

# How to request multiple new disease terms in Mondo

When requesting a lot of new disease terms (e.g. 100 chromosomal diseases) at once, one should submit their request by filling out and submitting [this template](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/mondo/blob/master/src/templates/Mondo_bulk_submission.tsv).

## Prepare for submission  

> We advise submitters to [create a GitHub issue](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/mondo/issues) and communicate their intend to submit term using the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We advise submitters to [create a GitHub issue](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/mondo/issues) and communicate their intention to submit a bulk term request using the template.
```

> When using the template above would ensure that the basic information required to create new terms are submitted, some diseases might require other specific information (e.g. affected gene). A curator will review the submission intend, advise, and (if necessary) send an updated template fitting the disease terms to be submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using the template ensures that the basic information required to create new terms are submitted, some diseases might require other specific information (e.g. affected gene). A curator will review the submission, advise, and (if necessary) send an updated template fitting the disease terms to be submitted.
```

## Fill out the template
The [template](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/mondo/blob/master/src/templates/Mondo_bulk_submission.tsv) contains the minimal information required to create a new term in Mondo.
1. **Disease label** - required for new term request.

> 1. **Disease ID** - If the disease is already in Mondo, and the request is to add more information for this existing term, please add the Mondo ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Disease ID** - if the disease is already in Mondo, and the request is to add more information for this existing term, please add the Mondo ID.
```

> 1. **Disease ID** - if the disease is already in Mondo, and the request is to add more information for this existing term, please add the Mondo ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Disease ID** - if the disease is already in Mondo, and the request is to add more information for this existing term, please add the Mondo ID in the format MONDO:XXXXXXX.
```

> 1. **Definition.** - required - Please try to formulate a definition of your term that will be comprehensible to non-specialists. When submitting multiple diseases of the same "type", a pattern should be used for consistency, and ease of the submitter (see (dos-dp patterns)[https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/editors-guide/e-design-patterns/#design-pattern-dp-docs] for examples). A Mondo curator can assist with this if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Definition.** - required - Please try to formulate a definition of your term that will be comprehensible to non-specialists. When submitting multiple diseases of the same "type", a pattern should be used for consistency, and ease of the submitter (see [DOSDP patterns](https://mondo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/editors-guide/e-design-patterns/#design-pattern-dp-docs) for examples). A Mondo curator can assist with this if needed.
```

> 1. **References.** - required - should be included with the definition. Please include link(s) to a published paper (preferrably in the format PMID:XXXXX) or other sources (e.g. orcid). Each reference should be separated by | (pipe, no space)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **References.** - required - should be included with the definition. Please include link(s) to a published paper (preferrably in the format PMID:XXXXX) or other sources (e.g. ORCID). Each reference should be separated by | (pipe, no space)
```

> 1. **Synonyms.** (optional) multiple synonyms should be separated by | (pipe, no space)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Synonyms.** - optional - multiple synonyms should be separated by | (pipe, no space)
```
